♪♪
Okay, we fixed
most of the camp,
but we still have
leaky toilets,
cracked canoes,
and the flagpole
that's barely held together
with duct tape.
There's not just tape
holding the pole together.
There's chewing gum
on there, too.
Excuse me,
can you direct me
to the camp owners?
That's us! Are you the one
we hired to scrape the dead
seagulls off the dock?
Oh, yeah, it's that way.
They can really stick,
so put your elbow into it.
I am Inspector Dinsmore,
with the Department of
Camp Services.
Nowhere on this badge
does it say anything
about scraping bird goo.
Wait, we didn't hear anything
about an inspection!
It's a surprise inspection.
(CHUCKLES) Surprise!
But we are not ready!
Could you come back
in maybe, one month?
Don't worry,
I got this.
Ma'am, I'm sure
there's something
we can work out.
Would this help us
pass the inspection?
Is that a bribe?
Don't ask me.
Ask Benjamin Franklin.
Zuri!
That's Ulysses S. Grant.
Maybe instead
of summer camp, you should
be in summer school.
And bribery of
a public official
is a crime.
I will need your name.
Emma. Emma Ross.
ALL:
♪ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka
♪ Kikiwaka, Kikiwaka ♪
Okay, it's been exactly two
weeks since you got to camp,
so you know what that means!
My first gallon of hair spray
is running out?
Three generations of spiders
have laid eggs in my ear?
It's time to change
my underwear?
No to Destiny and Matteo,
and lordy, yes to Finn.
Tonight, the new campers
get up and give a speech
about what they love
most about camp!
It's our traditional
"Camp Kikiwaka Kick Off
the Summer Fun Party!"
So, get to brainstorming.
My speech will be about
how much I love that
I'll be home in two months!
Sooner if I score
a medical emergency.
My speech will be about
putting together my
perfect look for camp.
I'll call it "Blushed it,
and Crushed it!"
What about you, Finn?
I'm going to pass
on the speech.
What? But you love talking.
You never stop!
Last night, you spent
three hours talking to a scab
before you picked it!
What? I like
to sweet-talk
'em first.
And, voila!
Meh.
This is way too steep.
Someone could slide
right down it!
Yeah, because it's a slide...
Infraction!
I am having
a strange sensation.
(GASPING)
This must be what
it feels like when you
are about to fail a test!
(PANTING)
Ravi, don't let
Dinsmore see Kipling!
What, is it against
the law to have pets
in the cabins now?
If they eat campers,
then yes!
This railing is
half an inch
too low. Infraction!
Now, isn't that
a little nitpicky...
I said infraction!
Okay!
Inspector Dinsmore,
my siblings and I
just took over this camp.
We know we have
a few kinks to iron out,
but we've created
a really fun atmosphere
for the kids.
So far, this place
is a death trap.
(METAL CLANKING)
(DINSMORE SCREAMS)
And that was a rat trap.
♪ Mother makes me
mash my moldy meat
♪ Bidigee, bidigee, bidigee
♪ Bidigoo, bidigoo, bidigoo,
bidigoo, bidigoo ♪
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
I've never felt
more grateful
that you're my roommate.
Hey, Finn, did you
figure out what
your speech will be about?
"Finn has lost his voice
and will not be able
to do his speech.
"Signed, The Nurse."
Yeah, right.
Ow! What the heck?
Lost your voice, huh?
I'm cured!
Finn, what's
really going on?
Okay! The truth is...
I'm scared to speak
in front of people
ever since I played Santa
in the Christmas pageant
and I forgot my line.
Wasn't it just
"Ho, ho, ho"?
Oh, sure,
where were you
back then?
So you have stage fright.
It's most people's
number one fear.
Although mine is split ends.
Don't worry, Finn,
we'll help make sure
you do a great job!
Thanks.
By the way, how'd you know
I was lying about my voice?
Never fake sickness
to a hypochondriac.
We will know.
Also, you spelled
nurse with a "Z."
This place is a mess.
There were raccoons
in the crawl spaces,
and poison ivy
along the paths!
But look at this
life preserver!
It's brand-new!
The old one was just
a brick with "good luck"
written on it.
You have to meet
state-mandated standards.
Inspector Dinsmore,
please believe that
we are trying to fix
everything as fast
as we can.
And we promise
the rest of this inspection
will go very smoothly.
(SCREAMING)
Starting now!
DINSMORE: Infraction!
I'm soaked! (GASPS)
Is this a seagull beak
sticking out of my arm?
Let me get that.
Inspector Dinsmore,
we are so sorry you fell,
but it's not like we can check
all the wood in all the camp
to see if it's rotted out.
No, that would be
a lot of trouble.
(SHOUTING) Of course, you can!
Ugh, this is the same
awful place it's been
since I was a kid!
You were
an inspector
as a kid?
No, I was
a camper here!
I hated it.
If I find one more thing
wrong, I'm going to shut
this dump down!
Please don't do that!
Look, we know this camp
isn't perfect.
But so what
if the baseball field
is on a landfill,
and a pack of porcupines
just moved into
the boat house, and...
Stop helping!
What we lack in fire
extinguishers, we make up
for in happy campers.
Exactly.
In fact, tonight
is our traditional
"Camp Kikiwaka
Kick Off the Summer
Fun Party!"
And you should absolutely come
and see how much fun
our campers have.
Okay, fine. But only because
I want to miss the traffic
back to Moose Rump.
It's gonna be
antler-to-antler.
(LAUGHS)
Okay, Finn, we've got
some tips on how to stay
calm and confident
in front of a crowd.
What are these for?
They're your "audience."
They won't stop
staring at me!
That's because
they're cardboard cutouts.
They can't blink.
Don't worry about that one.
He's a real sourpuss.
And... Go!
I think he's stuck.
Or dead.
Let's try
something else.
Picture the whole audience
as something that makes you
laugh... Like clowns!
Okay.
(SCREAMS) Killer clowns!
(GRUNTING)
Need help with that?
You know, not anymore.
Well, I offered.
Look, this party
is really important.
We need to impress
Inspector Dinsmore.
So, please make yourself
useful and get some frosting
from the pantry.
But that's like
four feet away!
Fine!
ZURI: Why are all these
chocolate chips
on the floor?
Those are not chocolate chips!
Do not mention them
to Inspector Dinsmore.
I found this
way in the back.
Whoa. This is
really expired.
No kidding.
It says "number one
frosting brand
in all 48 states."
Great, how am I going to find
time to go into town
and get more frosting?
I guess I could hike
to the market, grab the icing,
and come back.
That's perfect!
You would do that?
I said I could.
Not that I would.
Wow! That Dinsmore
really hates this place.
That's why
she's gotta have
fun at the party,
so she can see
how great Camp Kikiwaka is.
Got it. Limbo stick.
Or not.
Okay, I'm going
to finish the party prep.
Make sure Dinsmore
doesn't see anything else
that will get us in trouble.
Right. I'll keep her away
from those exposed wires
by the water fountain.
Wow, that was close.
I know.
A few inches lower
and our problem
would've been solved.
You have a dark side.
I like that.
Oh, seriously?
The cake's
not ready yet?
Well, I guess it's up to me
to take this dessert from
drab to fab. Cake-over!
Zuri, did you
get the frosting?
Aw, she not only got it,
she also applied it!
And it is truly fab!
Wow.
Gladys replenished
the decorations
even less frequently
than the toilet paper.
"Congratulations,
President Lincoln"
Same old mess hall.
I see the floorboards
are still stained
with the tears
of all the miserable campers
who have passed through here.
Who hurt you?
Inspector Dinsmore, I'm sorry
you hated camp back then,
but it's a great place now,
and tonight you'll see
a room packed
with happy campers.
Although not so many
that it would violate
the fire code!
We'll see.
One more slip-up,
and I'll shut this camp down
faster than you can say,
"Violation of Code Three,
Subsection Four,
"with a subsequent
revocation and condemnation."
But I can't even
say that slow.
Sorry for being late.
The store clerk
had the gall to say
Reba isn't the best
female country star
in the world.
I set him straight.
You know, actually, some say
Shania Twain gives her a run
for her money.
What did you say?
Nothing.
I said nothing.
Wait, what is that?
I got you
your frosting.
See, I can be
responsible and mature.
So... (BLOWS RASPBERRY)
But you already
frosted the cake.
Emma and Lou are handing
it out now for people to eat
after the speeches.
Uh, I didn't
frost the cake.
Well, if you did not,
then who did?
It was me.
That cake
got frosted, son!
Emma, this frosting
is expired!
Like, middle-of-
last-century expired.
Oh, so that's
why it says,
"Beat those
Great Depression blues
with our delicious frosting!"
You handed out
expired toxic cake
to everyone!
We have to get it back
before anyone eats it
and gets sick!
Oh, no!
If Dinsmore finds out,
she'll shut us down
faster than I can say,
"Violation of Code Three,
Subsection Four,
"with a subsequent
revocation and condemnation."
Hey, I just said it!
Hey, Finn,
how are you doing?
Awful!
I'm having
trouble breathing,
I'm dizzy,
and I feel like
I'm going to barf up
all my vital organs.
Now you know
how I feel sharing
a bathroom with you.
Sorry, we're dealing
with your issues right now.
I'm going to look like
an idiot up there.
It's going to be a disaster!
Finn, you need to relax.
You're thinking about it
too much.
Wow, I bet no one has ever
accused you of that before.
Thanks for trying, guys.
But it's no use.
Okay, we have to do
something drastic
to help Finn.
Gotcha. I'll put
itching powder
in the campers' clothes,
so they can't do
their speeches.
What? No, that's insane.
Have you actually
done that before?
Hey, all's fair
in love and pageants.
And here you go.
ZURI: This should
be the last of it.
Oh, no! There's still
one piece missing!
Okay, nobody panic!
Lou, you start the speeches,
and see if you can spot
the missing piece
of cake from the stage.
We'll keep looking
from the audience.
Man, I never thought
I'd hate cake so much,
but here we are.
Good evening, and welcome
to the "Camp Kikiwaka Kick Off
the Summer Fun Party!"
(CAMPERS CHEERING)
Are you guys ready
to have some fun?
No!
Okay, we'll try
to power through anyway.
Uh, back on the farm,
there's a saying that goes,
"a happy animal
makes for good eatin'."
Just ask my good friend
Peggy the Pig.
Well, you can't,
because I ate her.
But boy, was she delicious.
Wow, even though the camp
might get shut down,
Lou is really
keeping it together
under all the pressure.
Yeah, talking about eating
her close friends must have
a calming effect on her.
In the same way,
a happy camp makes
for happy campers.
So when you hear these kids
give their speeches,
you'll see how
happy they really are.
Ooh, well played.
Um, anyway,
these kids really
take the cake.
The cake
in the front row.
Look!
(RAVI GASPS)
That kid must have
hidden it when he saw us
taking the cake back!
Those kids
from Fox Cabin
are so sly.
I can't wait to hear
what all these campers
love about camp.
Coming up first
is my fabulous
cousin Finn!
The only thing
coming up
is my lunch!
Hey, Lou!
I want to go first!
Ah, okay, well then I guess
we'll start with my fabulous
non-cousin, Matteo.
What I love most
about Camp Kikiwaka
is studying the dinosaurs
that once roamed here.
And now, I'll name my top
57 of them
in alphabetical order.
Allosaurus, Brontosaurus,
Dilophosaurus...
We have
to do something!
One of us has to
grab that cake
without Dinsmore noticing.
I've never gone anywhere
without being noticed.
But I'll try.
No, I shall do it.
No woman has
ever noticed me.
You said it, brother.
Ooh, thank you.
I think our problem
just got worse.
Guess we'll go to plan B.
Hope the cake takes her
out before she can
close down the camp.
Podokesaurus,
Pterosaurus.
Don't worry, I haven't
skipped to the "T's."
That was a silent "P."
Quaesitosaurus,
Quilmesaurus...
Hey, Jurassic jerk!
If you'd been around
back then, the dinosaurs
would've died from boredom!
Excuse me,
I'm trying to give
a speech here!
I know. And I wish
you were extinct!
Destiny, why are you
being so mean to him?
We're staging a fake fight,
so Lou will get mad at us,
and cancel the speeches.
That way, you won't
have to give yours.
I can't believe you two
would do that just for me.
Of course.
Anything for
a friend.
Get off the stage,
nerd-osaurus!
Make me,
Little Miss
Bleach Brain!
Get ready for a ride
on the pain train!
More like the lame train!
Break it up!
You guys are
ruining everything!
I didn't ruin it!
Destiny ruined it!
Either way,
it's clearly ruined!
So you should probably just
cancel this whole thing before
anyone else has to speak!
Well, I might as well
enjoy something tonight.
No!
Whoopsies!
That is enough!
I'm shutting this camp down!
Huh?
What?
Why?
Inspector Dinsmore,
please don't!
Just give us
one more chance!
No. Nothing good
has ever come
from this camp.
And nothing
ever will.
Good day!
Please, you can't
close down the camp!
Um, I just did.
That's why I said,
"good day."
But I love Camp Kikiwaka.
It's an amazing place,
with amazing people.
What?
Those two just
got into a huge fight!
And that kid was just
droning on about dinosaurs!
Great party, guys!
Destiny and Matteo
were just pretending
to fight,
so they could get
the speeches canceled,
because I have stage fright.
Only true friends
would do that.
You two faked that
whole fight just
to help him out?
It wasn't all fake.
I think I pulled a tricep
raising my fists.
See, I was too afraid
to get up there and speak.
But if I had,
I would've
talked about
how much I love this place
and hanging out
with my new friends.
So, please, please
don't close down the camp.
You know, I had
an awful time when
I was a camper here.
But, I never made friends
like the ones you've made.
I've been told
I can be a bit of
a fart nugget.
ALL: No.
It's true. I was voted
"Most Annoying Camper."
The plaque was just
my picture on
a dart board.
Well, it's never too late
to make friends at camp.
Yeah, you should stick around
and hang out around
the campfire with us.
Actually, that sounds
kind of nice.
So, what do you say,
Inspector Dinsmore? Shall
we save you a marshmallow?
Okay... And I'll give you
one month to get this
place up to code.
But that means
no dead fowl on the dock,
no recycling food,
and your smoke detectors
can't just be old cans of tuna
glued to the ceiling.
You noticed that?
I saw a stray cat
hanging from one!
So, if we fix
all those things,
does this mean...
Yes, the camp
stays open!
(CAMPERS CHEERING)
No, stop!
What? It is
my cheat day.
Way to go, Finn!
Nice speech!
What? I didn't
make a speech.
Of course you did!
You spoke confidently
in front of a crowd,
and not only did you
explain what you
love about camp,
you saved the camp!
Huh, guess my
stage fright is gone.
That means now
I can tell everyone
about my scabs!
I suffered a vicious
noogie for that?
This is great!
I'm finally getting the camp
experience I always wanted.
Thank you so much
for including me.
You're welcome.
Ooh, yours is
perfectly done.
Hey!
She really is
a fart nugget.
Inspector Dinsmore,
thank you again for
not closing down the camp.
Yeah. And we promise,
from now on, nothing else
will go wrong.
Starting now.